           --------- 
           Greanleaf 
           --------- 

           Resume 
           ------  
 
           Summary 

Experienced Scientific Programmer with 
a demonstrated history of working in 
Computer Software for over seven 
years. Strong Engineering Professional 
with a Bachelor of Science and a 
Master of Engineering, both, in 
Industrial Engineering, as well as 
Admission into the Engineering PhD 
Program from Rochester Institute of 
Technology.

Experienced Poet with a demonstrated 
history of creative writing for over 
seven years. Strong and sensitive 
thinker with thousands of words 
written in various writing structures 
from my diverse life experiences, and 
careful reading and listening. 

Past Master Councilor of John Greenleaf 
Whittier Chapter, Order of DeMolay; 
Holder of the Degree of Chevalier; 
winner of the Hunter Award from the 
annual Massachusetts Conclave; expertly 
performing the Ceremony of Light; and 
expertly performing the Second Degree, 
to initiate new DeMolays, as Jacques 
de Molay. In pop culture terms, I'm 
well-trained by the Free Masons 
through their "Illuminati Bootcamp." 

           Mission 

To work wherever my Critical Thinking 
skills can facilitate Contemporary 
Solutions. In my Life's Work, I will 
make Empirical decisions with the 
combined understanding of Creative 
Thinking, Psychology, and Philosophy 
to describe and demonstrate key 
patterns. 

           Strengths 

Machine Learning in Python and R. 
Optimization in Python and AMPL. 
Back-end Programming in Python. 
Familiar with SQL and Bash. 
Psychological and Philosophical 
 awareness of the Human Condition. 
Passionate about Authenticity, 
 Fordism, Caretaking, and Nobility. 
Secure and Silent with the 
 Determination to Speak Assertively, 
 yet Caringly when Necessary. 
I say: any Try deserves as much 
 Respect as the Complaints. 
I give anyone my Honesty because I 
 am not a Coward over what One may 
 do with it. 
I walk Poetry Outside by serious 
 means. 
I walk Industrial Engineering 
 Outside by serious means. 
I Ambulate with the Intension of it 
 not being Circular, as though the 
 ground-floor of America were some 
 Masonic Puzzle. 

           Weaknesses 

High Sensitivity Profile. 
All-or-Nothing Thinker. 
Burner of Bridges. 
Eager with Irish Goodbyes. 
Willing to Positively Reinforce 
 anything. 
Eager to drink Beer. 
Eager to smoke Tobacco. 
Eager to smoke Weed. 
I find Money too Poisonous against 
 Work. 
I find too much Slander against 
 Trying. 
I find Mystical Experiences 
 triggered by Acoustics. 
I find Mystical Experiences 
 Discernable by Haptics. 

           Schools 
------------------------------------- 






           Workmanship 







           People 







           Places 







           Things 







           Poems 







           Attitude 







Professional Summary








Key Strengths




Education
Undergraduate/Graduate Student
Rochester Institute of Technology, Rochester NY, Aug-2011 – Nov-2018 (7 yr 4 mo)
•    Bachelor of Science in Industrial Engineering, Aug-2011 to May-2017
•    Master of Engineering in Industrial & Systems Engineering, Aug-2015 to May-2017
•    Doctor of Philosophy in Engineering, Aug-2017 to Nov-2018
Work Experience
Digital Creator
E-Commerce, Boston MA, Jul 2022 – Present (1 yr 10 mo +)
•    Full-stack developer of a machine learning platform.
•    Writer and e-commerce merchant of poems and calligraphy products.
•    Online life coach.
Data Analytics Engineer
FacilityConneX, Nashua NH, Oct 2020 – Jul 2022 (1 yr 10 mo)
•    Back-end developer for continuous performance and reliability monitoring.
•    Developed real-time machine learning in Python for a data streaming platform.
•    Developed real-time analytics in Python on a data streaming platform.
•    Code conversions from C# to Python.
•    Developed time series dashboards.


Data Scientist
Aspen Technology, Bedford MA, Mar 2019 – Jun 2020 (1 yr 4 mo)
•    Researched and constructed hybrid machine learning with first principles using Python and R.
•    Developed the Python back-end engine for Hybrid Model Builder.
•    Back-end developer of Python libraries for Hybrid AI Builder.
•    Went to the 2020 East Open Data Science Conference to engage with the community.
    Researcher (Student)
    Rochester Institute of Technology, Rochester NY, Sep 2016 – Nov 2018 (2 yr 3 mo)
•    Presented vaccine research on global distribution optimization for the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation at the 2017 INFORMS conference.
•    Using statistics and optimization in R and AMPL, modeled budget uncertainty in the global vaccine market.
•    Using machine learning in R, developed a healthcare risk index for each country over time.
•    Reviewed vaccine literature using natural language processing in R.
Data Scientist (Intern)
Geisinger Health, Danville PA, Jun 2017 – Aug 2017 (3 mo)
•    Using machine learning in R, modeled the likelihood of a patient not donating to the MyCode program that genetically predicts illness and disease.
•    Using machine learning in R, modeled the distinguishing characteristics of bladder cancer patients.
Data Analyst (Intern)
Geisinger Health, Danville PA, Jun 2016 – Aug 2016 (3 mo)
•    Using statistics in R and Teradata, made recommendations to executives of two neighboring hospitals on how to share their demands based on an analysis of personal health records and doctor schedules.
•    Using statistics in Excel and Teradata, made recommendations to the hospital's operations staff on responding to changing occupancy levels based on a time series analysis of personal health records.
Simulation Modeler (Student)
Rochester Institute of Technology, Rochester NY, Nov 2015 – Mar 2016 (5 mo)
•    Using Simio, developed a hierarchical discrete event simulation model of a manufacturing facility for the United States Department of Defense.
Product Management Analyst (Intern)
Mercury Systems, Chelmsford MA, Jun 2015 – Aug 2015 (3 mo)
•    Developed a system of Excel spreadsheets to automate the pricing of new products.
•    Using machine learning in R, created a model for the price range of new products.
Continuous Improvement Engineer (Intern)
JMA Wireless, Liverpool NY, Jun 2014 – Jan 2015 (8 mo)
•    Provided a time series analysis of safety, quality, delivery, and cost for multiple manufacturing cells.
•    Ran time studies on multiple manufacturing cells. Designed and machined a system for line balancing the manufacturing cells. And developed an Excel spreadsheet for redesigning the line balancing system.
•    Measured the floor layouts of multiple manufacturing cells to redesign inventory and machine locations using AutoCAD and tape.
•    Carried out a repeatability and reproducibility analysis on multiple workstations using Excel and Minitab.


           Order of Business 
           ----------------- 

Remaining Useful Lifetime: at least 2557 Days. 

Consumption:                                  Cost Frequency:        Cost: 
Spandex                                       Once                   $20 
Boots                                         Once                   $150 
Tap Water                                     Daily                  $0 
Food Banks                                    Daily                  $0 
Cigarettes from the Ground                    Daily                  $0 
Library                                       Daily                  $0 
Begging for Noodles by Supermarkets           Daily                  $5 
Coffee or Energy Drinks                       Daily                  $5 
Alcohol Wipes                                 Weekly                 $5 
Lighters                                      Weekly                 $5 
Beer                                          Weekly                 $10 
Soap                                          Weekly                 $10 
Psychiatric Medication                        Monthly                $0      
Pens                                          Monthly                $5 
Notebook                                      Monthly                $5 
Socks                                         Monthly                $10 
Shirt                                         Monthly                $50 
Pants                                         Monthly                $50 
Backpack                                      Quarterly              $0    
Programs                                      Winterly               $0 
Incarceration                                 Winterly               $0 
Hospitalization                               Yearly                 $0 

Production:                                   Delivery Frequency:    Cost: 
Conversations with Artificial Intelligence    Once                   $0 
https://github.com/Euphredes                  Weekly                 $0 
Conversations with Strangers                  Weekly                 $0 
Journals                                      Monthly                $0 


           Social Order 
           ------------ 

Black women win. Smart ones fix. And 
I won't tell you the rest of the 
list. 
